this branch conatins the one Synthdef of the compositoin where all control end up to its oscillator, envelpoe, filters,and other arguments.
Theouput is VBAP and the oscillator is additive synthesis (percussive envelope when used as standalons, sine envelope when used as am drone for external midi connection to analog oscillators).
The oscillator arguments follow the cosmography timeline through ronal , amplitude and phasial harmony, and it ahs specific wavetable naure with a basis fundamental wave of a nonoperiodec tendency nature for natural computer sound preferencies. The oscillator is essentially controlled through the modulated control array pattern/routine passed first through the material array and its site specific timeline and musical content.

 Note that oscillators are addded together in an oscillator saw wave bank with silver ratio intervals according to location aproximation of the depth (magnitude) location of the relative material tensor. Eg. if at some point of the timeline a cosmographical objects that controls part of the oscillator arguments includes four magnitudes through approximation adn a specific spherical coordinate these 4 magnitudes will form the oscillator bank sawtooth wave multipliers.

 Note that the onl;y cosmographival objects that create these bnaks of oscillators are suns/solar systems, as all other objects that have different vektor magnitudes in their sets are treated seperately (each point in time) as temporal tonal modulation and not waveform banks. Of course one pint in the sun oscillator bunk is always a fundamentsl.
